Hey new here
We'll work here then
There are even more opportunities to meet dignitaries
I don't want so much anymore
hopeless
If you can get the favor of any big person
I don't have to serve people here
Hello, I'd like to see the house.
Can you introduce it to me?
You look good on the house
Go out and get on the bus to Laokujiao to see?
You bad woman
Dad took me to see the villa
Hahaha, what do you know, little brat?
We are the whole of Jiangzhou
The most luxurious villa area
In the sales department, we only accept upper-class people.
I don't accept sloppy poor ghosts like you
Whether I have money or not
I am here as your guest
You can't help but speak too badly
Excuse me sir, do you want to see the house?
I'll introduce it to you
Come on.
Come with me, please.
No eyesight at all
This kind of poor guy is also rushing to receive
I should be a salesperson for life